>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right, so
let's talk about lazy loaded modules.
So it depends on the nature of
what is happening in the template.
So if you're binding heavily
to a bunch of internal
logic that's actually
dialing the template,
then no, you're not gonna wanna do that.
But for the most part what you'll have
is the entire data that's coming in,
that it's being handled
within the observable string.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And for
that end it's easier to just turn it off,
and call, basically detect changes.
And so that would be my choice, is am
I doing any kind of data manipulation
outside of the observable string?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And if I'm doing
a lot, then maybe I might not do that.
But as a whole, especially if I was
at the let's make it fast stage,
that would be,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: One of the first
things that I would do is go through and,
especially at the component level or
the container level of things,
turn that stuff off and
let the observables handle that for us.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I mean,
I would say to this that it works
super awesome until it doesn't.
But most of the time that I've done it,
it's worked really well.
Occasionally you'll run into, and
I haven't seen this as much anymore,
a third-party component that didn't
handle turning off change detection.
Because whatever reason internal to
that component, it needed to work.
And so that's where when I've
had to turn it back on or
set it back to default it's because it
didn't play nice with the component.